    # 31 juil. 2017 14:13:20 - TaskEngine 1.11 / Disco 1.17
    Welcome to Disco! (Type 'help' for command list)
  >     Bob says "Let's go to a restaurant on the north side."
    User says "Let's go to the Deuvaliere restaurant. It's a family, cheap French restaurant on the east side."
    Bob says "I don't want to go to the Deuvaliere restaurant. Let's rather go to a restaurant on the north side."
    User says "Do you like restaurants on the east side?"
    Bob says "I don't like restaurants on the east side."
    User says "Do you like restaurants on the west side?"
    Bob says "Let's go to a restaurant on the north side."
    User says "I like family restaurants."
    Bob says "Let's go to a family restaurant."
    User says "I like cheap restaurants."
    Bob says "Let's go to a cheap restaurant."
    User says "I don't like expensive restaurants."
    Bob says "Let's go to a cheap restaurant."
    User says "What kind of cuisine do you like?"
    Bob says "I like French restaurants."
    User says "Do you like family restaurants?"
    Bob says "Let's go to a cheap restaurant."
    User says "I like family restaurants."
    Bob says "Let's go to a cheap restaurant."
    User says "I like French restaurants."
    Bob says "Let's go to a family restaurant."
    User says "I like restaurants on the west side."
    Bob says "Let's go to a restaurant on the west side."
    User says "What kind of cost do you like?"
    Bob says "I like cheap restaurants."
    User says "You proposed a family restaurant earlier. In the end that's suits me fine."
    Bob says "Let's go to a restaurant on the west side."
    User says "Okay, let's go to a cheap restaurant."
    Bob says "Let's go to a restaurant on the west side."
    User says "Okay, let's go to a restaurant on the west side."
    Bob says "Let's go to a French restaurant."
    User says "Okay. Let's go to the Los mexicanos . It's a family, cheap Mexican restaurant on the downtown."
    Bob says "Okay, let's go to the Los mexicanos restaurant."
We reached an agreement, the negotiation is over!
