Perso	
Paper (non verbal expression of dom Chp 15)


For personality psychologists, dominance is considered an enduring individual trait that
designates one’s characteristic temperament and behavioral predispositions (e.g., Cattell,Eber, & Tatsuoka, 1970; Ridgeway, 1987).
Social skills are part of this equation, as the ability to be forceful, to take initiative, and to be expressive yet relaxed and poised
are all facets of dominance displays that correspond with characterizations of a skillful communication style (Burgoon &Dunbar, 2000).

Ethology and evolutionary psychology perspectives, on the other hand, focus
on physiological, anatomical, and behavioral features that are adaptive in responding
to survival-related problems (see Floyd,this volume). Within the ethological perspective
is a bifurcation between viewing dominance-submission as (1) inborn attributes
possessed by individual organisms that confer on them greater or lesser survival
success than other species mates or (2) emergent properties of social interaction
that entail the ability to manipulate others and form alliances.

Those who subscribe to the former viewpoint see in many intraspecific and interspecific displays vestiges
of inborn tendencies to exert power and domination, to elicit deference and acquiescence, or to appease and submit to a stronger conspecific (see Andrew, 1972;Keltner, 1995; Smith, 1974; Thorpe, 1972).
Displays such as fight-flight, or more abbreviated intention signals of approach avoidance, are thought to be universal and innate, the result of natural selection leading to ritualized displays. Behaviors such as sprawling, relaxed postures and sweeping
gestures that signal lack of fear among humans find parallels in the expansive posture or tail-in-the-air gait of other warmblooded creatures.
Yet many behaviors that appear to be homologs across species do not necessarily share a genetic origin. Some signals may actually
be conventionalized, the result of learning at critical periods in an animal’s development (Fridlund, 1991a). Contemporary ethological
work is shifting away from viewing dominance strictly as an innate pattern based  dominance is also socially negotiated;
away from partitioning variance into separate individual and social components, toward understanding the interaction between organisms and their social environment
(Burgoon & Dunbar, 2000).
Representative of this view is the behavioral ecology perspective, a term coined by Fridlund (1991a, 1991b), that acknowledges
the fundamentally social and communicative nature of these dominance displays, their inborn origins notwithstanding.
Display forms and intensity are seen as responsive to the relationship between sender and receiver and no longer viewed as
primitive reflexes but rather as inclinations, because unequivocally announcing one’s intentions would risk heightened resistance
and therefore be detrimental to survival.
Appeasement displays are linked closely
to the submissive end of the dominance submission
continuum. Keltner, Young, and Buswell (1997) conjecture that emotional
states such as modesty, shyness, embarrassment, and shame have all evolved from appeasement systems in other species
and serve appeasement-related functions in humans. Appeasement signals are intended to placate or pacify others when social relationships
are disrupted and conflicts arise.
Violations of social rules or breeches of expected social distance may prompt appeasement gestures in the form of submissiveness,
affiliative displays, or inhibitionsof other actions. Acceptance of an appeasement gesture may take the form of reduced aggressiveness and increased social
approach.


Paper (Interpersonal dominance burgoon and dunber)

psychological literature shifts attention to individual differences in
tendencies toward dominance. It regards dominance as a personality construct that
includes a constellation of attributes, such as aggression, ambition, argumentativeness,
assertiveness, boastfulness, confidence, and determination. Common adjectives
used to describe the dominant person are assertive, aggressive, competitive,
demanding, egotistical, and stubborn. More specifically, dominance as a personality
variable "shows constant realistic adjustment to the individual's success and failure,
health or sickness, capacities or disabilities, and the relative outside forces" (Cattell
etal., 1970, p. 163).

According to the author of one of
the earliest psychological treatises on dominance (Murray, 1938), those who have a
need for dominance want to control their environment as well as influence or direct
the behaviors of others. Emmons and McAdams (1991) refer to such determination
and need as "personal strivings"-motive systems that represent things individuals
characteristically or typically strive to do (such as striving for achievement, affiliation,
intimacy, or power). Individuals with high power motive are described as
wanting to control and influence others, desiring fame or public attention, and
having the ability to arouse emotion in others. In a similar vein, Gough and Heilbrun
(1983) and Jackson (1984) describe a dominant person as one who seeks and
maintains a role as leader in a group. These people take charge and guide group
members toward the achievement of worthy objectives through influence tactics,
environmental control maneuvers, and the forceful expression of opinion.

Nondominant individuals, by contrast, are portrayed as cooperative, unassuming,
and compliant, but also obsequious, meek, weak, insecure, and avoidant of
situations that require self-assertion. Tangentially related research supports this
portrayal in describing sexual assault victims as lacking self-confidence and engaging
in submissive behaviors that reveal that lack (Amir, 1975; Selkin, 1978).

The dominant personality is typically revealed through communication style: 

Thus, dominance is directly linked to communication. Building on five contemporary
perspectives, Norton (1983) advanced a communicator style construct, one
major subconstruct of which is dominance. He noted that "dominance, as a style
variable, pervades the communication literature" and described the person who
communicates in a dominant way as "more confident, enthusiastic, forceful, active,
competitive, self-confident, self-assured, conceited, and businesslike" (p. 65).

 Other
research has revealed numerous verbal and nonverbal indicators of dominant and
submissive personalities. 

For example, among the nonverbal cues generally judged
as displays of submissive personality types are body-concealing clothing, constricted
movement, limited use of space, high amounts of gaze while listening but low
amounts of eye contact while speaking, and shorter turns at talk. 

By contrast, dominant personalities are associated with such behaviors as use of hand and foot
gestures and movements rather than arm and leg gestures, higher ratios of eye
contact while speaking to eye contact while listening, increased talk time, more
attempted interruptions and successful interruptions, more relaxation, greater use of
space, initiation of touch, and less smiling (Dovidio & Ellyson, 1982; Henley, 1995;
Lamb, 1981; Mehrabian & Williams, 1969; Richards, Rollerson, & Phillips, 1991;
Rogers &Jones, 1975).
