Relation interpersonnelle
------
Dominance and submission are seen as properties of an interpersonal relationship rather than of an
individual, and emphasis is on the social skills and communication practices that contribute to dominance rather than on inherited,
 biologically determined, rolebound,
or personality-dictated patterns of behavior. (burgoon and dunber interpersonal dominance)
-------
Paper (non verbal expression of dom Chp 15)
Greater emphasis on the strategic aspects of dominance squares
with our writings on interpersonal dominance as social, interactional, situational,intentional, and dynamic


Decades of scholarly debate on what constitutes power have produced a consensual
view of power as the capacity to produce intended effects, and in particular, the
ability to influence the behavior of another person (Berger, 1994; Burgoon et al.,
1998; Dunbar, 2004; French & Raven,1959). Power takes many forms, and its multidimensional nature is reflected in
the classification of power into three domains: power bases, power processes,and power outcomes (Olson & Cromwell,
1975). 

Confusion power and dominance : (paper interpersonal dominance burgoon and dunber)
Power and dominance are even less clearly differentiated from one another. Being
highly correlated (Harper, 1985), they are frequently grouped under a single
heading (Ellyson & Dovidio, 1985) and often used synonymously with one another.

 ... 
 
In support of this approach, Burgoon and Dillman (1995) write that, "Because power is broadly denned as the ability to exercise influence by possessing one or more
power bases, dominance is but one means of many for expressing power" (p. 65).
Dominance, then, is not the exclusive route to power, but rather only one of several alternative means by which power is effectuated. Neither are powerful individuals
inevitably expected to behave in dominant ways. A further distinction is that power
often refers to mere potentialities for influence (as reflected in such concepts as
power bases, power motives, and locus of control), whereas dominance more often is
tied to actual behavior. Hence, while power enables the display of dominance, and
dominant behavior may solidify power, dominance and power, though correlated,
are not interchangeable concepts. (See Berger, 1994, and Burgoon & Dillman, 1995,
for more elaboration on these distinctions.) 


Power bases refer to resources such as rewards or knowledge that form the foundation for control over others (French
& Raven, 1959).

Power processes, on the other hand, are the specific strategies (often nonverbal)
used to exert power in interactions. 

Power outcomes are the compliance, conformity,
cooperation, or obedience that one secures; that is, they are the actual influence
that is achieved over others’ beliefs and actions (Wheeless, Barraclough, & Stewart, 1983).

Communication and social psychology scholars largely view dominance as a social rather than organismic variable but one that
Definition of dominance : 
is defined at the interpersonal level (i.e., in relation to another actor). Dominance constitutes one of two superordinate topoi of
relational communication (Burgoon &Hale, 1984). Whereas power may remain latent, dominance is manifest and behavioral,
referencing those communicative acts by which one actor’s assertion of influence and control is met with acquiescence from
another (Burgoon & Dunbar, 2000;Rogers-Millar & Millar, 1979). Moreover, even though dominance-submission is conceptualized
as a universal dimension along which all social relationships can be arrayed, dominance displays may be instigated by a combination of individual temperament
and situational features that encourage dominant behavior (Aries, Gold, & Weigel, 1983; Burgoon & Dunbar, 2000)
and that are responsive to changing goals, interlocutors, situations, and time, among other factors. Thus, within the same
episode, individuals may adjust their dominance-submission displays to changing circumstances.



definition of interpersonal dominance by dunber and burgoon: (reprendre la definition de difference between power and dominance)
we propose that interpersonal
dominance be viewed as a relational, behavioral, and interactional state that reflects the actual achievement of influence or control over another via communicative
actions.

First, dominance can "only be declared in relation to the response of another" (Burgoon & Dillman, p. 65). For one person to be considered dominant, there must
be at least one other who is not. Without the presence of other interactants,dominance does not exist. It places dominance and submission squarely within the context of multiple
parties, which makes it at minimum a dyadic rather than monadic variable and
defines it in accordance with the outcomes to which it relates. As Mitchell and Maple
(1985) write, "[D]ominance is the outcome of an interaction of events and thus
depends on the interactors and not on the focal individual alone" (p. 50).

Second, power and dominance must be clearly differentiated. Power refers to the
ability and potential to influence others and may be exercised through a variety of
resources, such as offering rewards, controlling information, using ingratiation, or
appeasement. Dominance consists of expressive, relationally-based strategies and is
one set of communicative acts by which power is exerted and influence exercised.
That is, in contrast to power, which some view as a perceptual variable (see, e.g.,
Millar & Rogers, 1987), dominance is a behavioral variable, and interpersonal
dominance is an interactional variable.
interpersonal dominance is "indexed by complementary transacts in
which the assertion of definitions by one person is accepted by the other" (Millar &
Rogers, 1987, p. 120), i.e., a one-up move is followed by a one-down move. It is
effectuated through communicative displays