Status

Paper (non verbal expression of dom Chp 15)


For biologists and sociobiologists, dominance designates a pattern
of imbalance in interactions within a dyadic relationship (Hinde, 1978) or an organism’s
position in a social hierarchy (Sebeok,1972), which accords it preferential access to resources (Omark, 1980).

For sociologists, power and dominance are intertwined with status, which designates one’s position
in a socially agreed-upon hierarchy, something that is prevalent in all types of societies
(Lips, 1991). A person’s social position is often based on possession of commodities
valued by the society (e.g., money, occupation, good looks) or position within a prestige
hierarchy of relations in a social unit.

High status often gives the appearance of power and may facilitate dominance because one is endowed with legitimate authority, and legitimate authority confers on the individual the
potential for greater influence (Rollins & Bahr, 1976). But high status does not guarantee the exercise of power or the display of
dominant behavior, and dominance displays in the absence of legitimate power may fail to achieve influence (Ridgeway, Diekema,& Johnson, 1995).


Perso Vs RI 

In contrast to examinations of particular behaviors made by an individual, relationally
based measurement examines dominance at the dyadic level. A relational perspective distinguishes between domineeringness—
individual attempts to control the interaction—and dominance. The former is assessed as an individual-level
characteristic; the latter is defined according to pairs of adjacent conversational
turns by which interlocutors position themselves as “one up” or “one down” vis-à-vis
the other. Specifically, dominance is said to occur when one individual’s assertive
actions elicit complementary acquiescence by another. Hence, dominance or submission
is defined according to “interacts” (pairs of acts) rather than individual acts
(Rogers-Millar & Millar, 1979; for an incorporation of nonverbal cues and the application in group settings, see Siegel,
Friedlander, & Heatherington, 1992).

Papier (Interpersonal dominance burgoon and dunbar)
Although status is sometimes confused with power and dominance, it generally refers to one's position in a social hierarchy (Ellyson & Dovidio, 1985). Status may
accord one a degree of power and the "right" to exercise dominance, but high-status individuals are not inevitably powerful or dominant, nor do displays of dominance
inevitably place one higher in a status hierarchy.

... 
Nevertheless, a unifying assumption in the ethological literature is that dominance represents a universal feature of social organization
as reflected in rank or position in a social hierarchy (Sebeok, 1972) and preferential access to resources (Liska, 1988).
When competition for priority access to the resource ensues
between individuals or groups unfamiliar to each other, the dominance ranking of
the individuals must be established and signalled (Gauthreaux, 1981). The universality
of these signals is implicit in the fact that the social dominance hierarchies so
common in primate groups (Shively, 1985) are also common in human groups.
Members of primate and human groups both know where they stand and who has
the highest status or most dominance (Hogan, 1979, as cited in Smither, 1993).
Two alternative forms of dominance have been identified in the literature. One
associates dominance with such factors as heritability, age, and birth order that
confer greater control or access to privileged resources (Cattell, Eber, & Tatsuoka,
1970). Liska (1988) refers to this as vested dominance. Among humans, vested
dominance is often equated with social roles. It may be manifested through
unchanging characteristics (static signals) or slowly changing indicators (slow signals)
of such factors as position in a status hierarchy, age, maturity, kinship, birth order,
and institutionalized roles. The second form is social dominance {Liska., 1988), which is
acquired through demonstrated abilities, strategies, or potential for affiliation. In
contrast to the unchanging character of vested dominance displays, social dominance may be manifested in such dynamic indicators as proximity, posture, gaze,
facial expression, vocalizations, duration of talk, or language use (Bernstein, 1981;
Keating, 1985; Liska, 1988). Of particular relevance to those interested in interpersonal
communication, such displays may be bound by relationships, contexts, and
time.