    # 3 août 2017 13:34:43 - TaskEngine 1.11 / Disco 1.17
    Welcome to Disco! (Type 'help' for command list)
  >     Bob says "Let's go to a restaurant on the north side."
    User says "I don't like restaurants downtown, let's choose something else."
    Bob says "Let's go to the Paris bistro restaurant. It's a romantic, cheap French restaurant on the north side."
    User says "I'd rather choose something else."
    Bob says "Let's go to the Takeo restaurant. It's a romantic, cheap Japanese restaurant on the north side."
    User says "I don't like romantic restaurants, let's choose something else."
    Bob says "Let's go to a cheap restaurant."
    User says "I don't like cheap restaurants, let's choose something else."
    Bob says "Let's go to the Cocagnou restaurant. It's a family, cheap French restaurant on the north side."
    User says "I don't like cheap restaurants, let's choose something else."
    Bob says "Let's go to a French restaurant."
    User says "Okay for the a French restaurant."
    Bob says "Let's go to the Chateau de verie restaurant. It's a family, affordable French restaurant on the east side."
    User says "I don't like family restaurants, let's choose something else."
    Bob says "Let's go to the Trait dunion restaurant. It's a lively, affordable French restaurant on the east side."
    User says "I don't like lively restaurants."
    Bob says "Let's go to the Saint honore restaurant. It's a quiet, affordable French restaurant on the east side."
    User says "Do you like expensive restaurants?"
    Bob says "I don't like expensive restaurants."
    User says "What kind of cost do you like?"
    Bob says "Let's go to the Saint honore restaurant. It's a quiet, affordable French restaurant on the east side."
    User says "What kind of cost do you like?"
    Bob says "I like cheap restaurants."
    User says "I don't like restaurants on the east side, let's choose something else."
    Bob says "Let's go to the Adelita restaurant. It's a quiet, expensive French restaurant on the west side."
    User says "I like restaurants downtown."
    Bob says "Let's go to the Adelita restaurant. It's a quiet, expensive French restaurant on the west side."
    User says "I don't like restaurants on the west side, let's choose something else."
    Bob says "Let's go to the Tripot restaurant. It's a quiet, expensive French restaurant on the south side."
    User says "I don't want to go to the Tripot restaurant. Let's rather go to the Letape restaurant. It's a quiet, expensive French restaurant on the downtown."
    Bob says "Okay for the the Letape restaurant."
We reached an agreement, the negotiation is over!
