    # 3 août 2017 11:15:36 - TaskEngine 1.11 / Disco 1.17
    Welcome to Disco! (Type 'help' for command list)
  >     Bob says "Let's go to a restaurant on the north side."
    User says "I don't like Korean restaurants, let's choose something else."
    Bob says "Let's go to the Paris bistro restaurant. It's a romantic, cheap French restaurant on the north side."
    User says "I don't want to go to the Paris bistro restaurant. Let's rather go to the Escade chine restaurant. It's a family, expensive Chinese restaurant on the downtown."
    Bob says "I don't want to go to the Escade chine restaurant. Let's rather go to a romantic restaurant."
    User says "I don't like romantic restaurants."
    Bob says "Let's go to a cheap restaurant."
    User says "I like expensive restaurants."
    Bob says "Let's go to a French restaurant."
    User says "I don't like French restaurants, let's choose something else."
    Bob says "Let's go to a cheap restaurant."
    User says "I don't want to go to a cheap restaurant. Let's rather go to an expensive restaurant."
    Bob says "I don't want to go to an expensive restaurant. Let's rather go to a Japanese restaurant."
    User says "I don't like Japanese restaurants, let's choose something else."
    Bob says "Let's go to a restaurant downtown."
    User says "Okay for the a restaurant downtown."
    Bob says "Let's go to the Arlecchino restaurant. It's a lively, expensive Italian restaurant on the downtown."
    User says "I don't want to go to the Arlecchino restaurant. Let's rather go to a Chinese restaurant."
    Bob says "Okay. Let's go to the Pekin express restaurant. It's a lively, affordable Chinese restaurant on the downtown."
    User says "I don't like affordable restaurants, let's choose something else."
    Bob says "Let's go to a Chinese restaurant."
    User says "Okay for the a Chinese restaurant."
    Bob says "Let's go to the Asia parfum restaurant. It's a lively, expensive Chinese restaurant on the downtown."
    User says "Okay for the the Asia parfum restaurant."
    Bob says "Okay."
We reached an agreement, the negotiation is over!
