Below is the transcript of a dialogue between two friends who are
trying to decide which restaurant to go to for dinner together this
evening.

They both know about the following four restaurants:

[CR: make sure information below is correct!  Are both French
restaurants quiet and expensive?  Is that a good choice?]

Chez Victor: a quiet, expensive French restaurant
Le Parisien: a quiet, cheap French restaurant
Dragon: a noisy, cheap Chinese restaurant
Adaggio: a cheap, quiet Italian restauran
t

Please read this dialogue and answer the questions following.

[CR: I added indentation to make it easier to pick out two threads
of the conversation]

[CR: Note rewording to simpler, more natural English--could easily be
done in Disco formats, but ok to just change in questionnaire]

    A: "Let's eat Chinese food tonight."
  
       B: "I like French food more than Chinese food.
  
    A: "Chinese is my favorite food." 
  
       B: "I like Turkish food more than Chinese food." 
  
    A: "I like Chinese food more than Turkish food." 
  
       B: "Let's eat French food tonight." 
  
    A: "Let's go to the Dragon restaurant." 
  
       B: "Okay, I'll call to book a table." 

[CR: make *all* questions Likert and *mix* in the manipulation check questions, so
they don't know which they are!]

?. The speakers decided to go to the Dragon restaurant.

Strongly disagree 	Disagree      Neither agree nor disagree	 Agree	     Strongly agree

[CR: This is poor test question for this dialogue, since Japanese does not appear.]

?. Speaker B likes Japanese food better than French food.

Strongly disagree 	Disagree      Neither agree nor disagree	 Agree	     Strongly agree

?. Speaker A takes the preferences of the other speaker into account in choosing a restaurant. 

Strongly disagree 	Disagree      Neither agree nor disagree	 Agree	     Strongly agree

?. Speaker A is flexible in his choice of restaurant.  

Strongly disagree 	Disagree      Neither agree nor disagree	 Agree	     Strongly agree

[CR: there are more questions, right?]

